add support for Dynamic Resource Allocation (#1078)
k8snetworkplumbingwg/multus-cni: docs/how-to-use.md

If you wish to have auto configuration use the `readinessindicatorfile` in the configuration, you can use the `--readiness-indicator-file` to express which file should be used as the readiness indicator.

    --readiness-indicator-file=/path/to/file

### Run pod with network annotation and Dynamic Resource Allocation driver

Dynamic Resource Allocation is alternative mechanism to device plugin which allow to requests pod and container resources. The feature is alpha in k8s 1.27.

The following sections describe how to use DRA with multus and Nvidia DRA driver. Other DRA networking driver vendors should follow similar concepts to make use of multus DRA support.

> 

Reviewer: Can we add some text along the lines of:

```
Dynamic Resource Allocation (DRA) is [currently an alpha](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/dynamic-resource-allocation/), and is subject to change. Please consider this functionality as a preview, and utilized a potentially replace for device plugin for SR-IOV. The architecture and usage of DRA in Multus CNI may be changed in the future as this technology matures.
```

Reviewer 2: Thank you, updated! Added the fact that DRA is in alpha as warning.

#### Prerequisite

1. Kubernetes 1.27
2. Container Runtime with CDI support enabled
3. Kubernetes runtime-config=resource.k8s.io/v1alpha2
4. Kubernetes feature-gates=DynamicResourceAllocation=True,KubeletPodResourcesDynamicResources=true

#### Install DRA driver

> The current example uses Nvidia DRA driver for networking. This DRA driver is not public avaialbe.

Reviewer 3: typo.

```suggestion
The current example uses Nvidia DRA driver for networking. This DRA driver is not publicly available.
```
